{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\f0\fs40\lang9 STAN MVP version 1.0\par
\par
\b0\fs32 Welcome to the STAN environment(Short Term Attack Network). In this environment we have a wargame between Red Team attempting to inflitrate and disrupt "Kenny" while Blue Team attempts to defend/save him! The games can be played in two formats:\par
-Scenario Mode: Teams go back and forth from savestates with their plan for Kenny. A scenario is called for both sides and if their objective is completed they recieve a flag!\par
-RTS mode: Accessible via VPN (WIP), the teams will be able to actively monitor Kenny in a live format with live interactions between the two. There are no scenarios here! Red Team's goal= Kill Kenny! Blue Team's goal= Save Kenny!\par
\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b 1. Pre-Game Requirements\par
\b0 before the game can start we first need to download all three boxes:\par
-STAN (Red Team Box)\par
-Kenny (CBMV Box)\par
-Dre (Blue Team Box)\par

*Check the wiki for a link to the VM's!

*Additionally, in RTS mode this can then be monitored via a Zoom call with the puppeteer breaking the rooms into seperate sessions and actively being able to see their screens during the live game.\par
Once your boxes have been properly downloaded and configured, ensure their networks are enabled to have both NAT and Host-Only Connections (*VPN as well for RTS). Run a quick ifconfig on every box and ping to make sure everyone is listening! Once all checks out from here your ready to start the game!\par
\par
\b\fs40 2. LETS PLAY-SCENARIO\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ul\b0\fs32\par
Scenario 1.0\par
\ulnone\fs28 -Red Team Flag: Find a way to talk with Kenny!\par
\tab hint: I believe some things may be open? Actually, I heard Kenny just \tab got a new mailbox. \par
\tab Successfully talked to Kenny = 1 Flag\par
-Blue Team Flag: Let's check on Kenny!\par
\tab hint: Does everything seem normal?\par
\tab Successfully checked Kenny's logs= 1 Flag\fs32\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs22\par
}
